So the next stop is the shipping.
You can see we have shipping.
There is a complete chapter about shipping in these cards.
You can create shipping zones.
And that's chapter I'm going to show you how to create shipping sons you can see here we have that reshipping
sounds.
We cover also the shipping options.
So for example here you can enable the shipping calculator on the card page or you can either coast
on the analysis center.
The for ones you open the checkout.
We'll prom.
The shipping method with a price.
But for example if in April this Wednesday you said that's the country is the state and the zip code
is going to have the cost.
And normally I see on CHUGG these so you can either shop in this dimension the fold you can add the
shipping it is sort of a meeting that is normally a list Thorsen use the Bidi nowadays but this is going
to be a the for the user can change the values in the checkout form.
And if you have any problem and if you run and run into any problems when you are working with shipping
you can enable that cable mode.
This will bring some errors that you can really easily copy make or form a searching tool so you can
find a solution.
Of course you can also send me a message with the error.
And I will try to help you.
And that's what we kept shipping classes at glassine.
Shipping is a way that you can group.
So for example you can create an insurance or you can create an extra fee for handling or anything you
can create a rule that you can decide which bros you want to apply.
In this case we added insurance and we only added the insurance to some specific brokes products that
it's really possible that they get that much in the shipping.
So this way you can group simulate brogues with the shipping classes.
Finally the USPS in the United States Postal Service discipline that we added.
So this is shipping.
It's really really simple.
The menus is one of the most powerful features of Commerce.